To: tomh@tomh.org
cc: jim

Hi Tom,

I'm hoping you can answer a few of my questions and point me in a general direction.

Question 0:
Is there a mailing list for OpenHIP? I didn't seem to find one on a search of the various OpenHIP sites and wikis. If there is one could you point me to it that I can subscribe to?

Context for Question 1 and 2:
I've been trying to build and run OpenHIP v2 branch from the bitbucket (https://bitbucket.org/openhip/openhip/branch/hipv2) on Ubuntu 18.04 LTS. This distro includes the latest install of OpenSSL (v1.1.0g).

What I have found is that OpenHIP fails to build due to deprecated functions for RSA and DSA. Myself and a coworker (who is CC'd) took the time and went through adding a set of functions that bypasses this issue into hitgen.c and worked our way through the various other build errors until OpenHIP finally built. While hitgen and the other utilities (to create our HI and stuff) ran and did things as intended actually running the hip binary/daemon itself crashed with a segfault.

We believe that due to how OpenSSL has changed (the struct members of RSA and others need functions now to access) that certain things aren't being set accordingly. We felt it would be better the fall back to a compatible version of OpenSSL and worry about fixing it later. Neither of us are experts with OpenSSL and how it functions, but we started going down the rabbit hole of the differences between OpenSSL versions and realized it was too much for us to handle.

Question 1:
Can you point me to what version of OpenSSL I should be using? One place it is listed as v0.9.8g (http://openhip.sourceforge.net/wiki/index.php/Overview) while in another place it is v1.0.0e (http://openhip.sourceforge.net/wiki/index.php/Installation). What one will work best for the v2 branch and are there any detail instructions on how to do so?

Question 2:
I am having trouble finding where in the make files the version of OpenSSL (or just the valid crypto/libssl libraries) are pointed to for OpenHIP. Could you give me some guidance on this? Is there a special flag I need to set/use to point to the versions I want?

I'm assuming that currently a lot of people are running into a similar problem that I am and I can't seem to find many useful resources on how to roll back OpenSSL without mangling my OS (I am not familiar with doing this). I have attempted to build OpenSSL v0.9.8g from source without any luck, and even tried to move pre-compiled binaries of crypto and libssl into place for the version OpenHIP wants.

I'm more than willing to share the findings I have made thus far with you and the rest of the OpenHIP community to hopefully work through the problem and get OpenHIP to work with a more updated OpenSSL. I have some comments to OpenSSL as well to what they are doing and hopefully will get some answers there to make life easier if we want to try and bring OpenHIP to the latest OpenSSL.

Thanks for your time, hope to hear from you soon!
